README.md, before:

 # Governance Proposals dApp

A decentralized application that allows users to submit and view governance proposals on the Ethereum blockchain (Sepolia testnet).

## Instructions to end users

This video goes through the proposal submission and listing process for end users:
https://youtu.be/DbOfFv40adc

## Features

- Connect with MetaMask wallet
- Submit new governance proposals
- View all submitted proposals
- Real-time updates when new proposals are created
- Dark mode UI with Material UI

## Prerequisites

- Node.js (v14 or later)
- MetaMask browser extension
- Sepolia testnet ETH (you can get some from a faucet)

## Setup

1. Clone the repository:
\`\`\`bash
git clone <repository-url>
cd proposals-blockchain
\`\`\`

2. Install dependencies:
\`\`\`bash
npm install
\`\`\`

3. Create a .env file in the root directory with the following variables:
\`\`\`
SEPOLIA_RPC_URL=your_alchemy_sepolia_url
PRIVATE_KEY=your_wallet_private_key
NEXT_PUBLIC_CONTRACT_ADDRESS=deployed_contract_address
\`\`\`

4. Deploy the smart contract:
\`\`\`bash
npm run deploy
\`\`\`

5. Copy the deployed contract address and update NEXT_PUBLIC_CONTRACT_ADDRESS in your .env file

6. Start the development server:
\`\`\`bash
npm run dev
\`\`\`

7. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser

## Usage

1. Connect your MetaMask wallet by clicking the "Connect Wallet" button
2. Make sure you're connected to the Sepolia testnet
3. Fill out the proposal form with a title and description
4. Submit the proposal by clicking "Create Proposal"
5. View all submitted proposals in the list below the form

## Smart Contract

The smart contract is deployed on the Sepolia testnet and includes the following functions:

- `createProposal(string memory _title, string memory _description)`
- `getProposals()`
- `getProposalCount()`

## Technologies Used

- Next.js
- TypeScript
- Ethers.js
- Hardhat
- Solidity
- Material UI

## Vercel Deployment

To deploy the application to Vercel:

1. Push your code to a Git repository (GitHub, GitLab, or Bitbucket)
2. Visit [Vercel](https://vercel.com) and sign up/login
3. Click "New Project" and import your repository
4. Configure the project:
   - Framework Preset: Next.js
   - Build Command: `npm run build`
   - Output Directory: `.next`
5. Add the following environment variable:
   - `NEXT_PUBLIC_CONTRACT_ADDRESS`: Your deployed contract address on Sepolia
6. Click "Deploy"

The application will be automatically built and deployed. Vercel will provide you with a production URL where your dApp is accessible.

Commit message:

Configuring project to run with docker using docker-compose up --build command + docs

README.md, after:

 # Governance Proposals dApp

A decentralized application that allows users to submit and view governance proposals on the Ethereum blockchain (Sepolia testnet).

## Instructions to end users

This video goes through the proposal submission and listing process for end users:
https://youtu.be/DbOfFv40adc

## Features

- Connect with MetaMask wallet
- Submit new governance proposals
- View all submitted proposals
- Real-time updates when new proposals are created
- Dark mode UI with Material UI

## Prerequisites

- Node.js (v14 or later)
- MetaMask browser extension
- Sepolia testnet ETH (you can get some from a faucet)

## Setup

1. Clone the repository:
\`\`\`bash
git clone <repository-url>
cd proposals-blockchain
\`\`\`

2. Install dependencies:
\`\`\`bash
npm install
\`\`\`

3. Create a .env file in the root directory with the following variables:
\`\`\`
SEPOLIA_RPC_URL=your_alchemy_sepolia_url
PRIVATE_KEY=your_wallet_private_key
NEXT_PUBLIC_CONTRACT_ADDRESS=deployed_contract_address
\`\`\`

4. Deploy the smart contract:
\`\`\`bash
npm run deploy
\`\`\`

5. Copy the deployed contract address and update NEXT_PUBLIC_CONTRACT_ADDRESS in your .env file

6. Start the development server:
\`\`\`bash
npm run dev
\`\`\`

7. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser

## Docker Setup

To run the application using Docker:

1. Make sure you have Docker and Docker Compose installed on your system

2. Create a `.env` file in the root directory with your environment variables:
```
SEPOLIA_RPC_URL=your_alchemy_sepolia_url
PRIVATE_KEY=your_wallet_private_key
NEXT_PUBLIC_CONTRACT_ADDRESS=deployed_contract_address
```

3. Build and start the containers:
```bash
docker-compose up --build
```

4. Access the application at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

To stop the containers:
```bash
docker-compose down
```

## Usage

1. Connect your MetaMask wallet by clicking the "Connect Wallet" button
2. Make sure you're connected to the Sepolia testnet
3. Fill out the proposal form with a title and description
4. Submit the proposal by clicking "Create Proposal"
5. View all submitted proposals in the list below the form

## Smart Contract

The smart contract is deployed on the Sepolia testnet and includes the following functions:

- `createProposal(string memory _title, string memory _description)`
- `getProposals()`
- `getProposalCount()`

## Technologies Used

- Next.js
- TypeScript
- Ethers.js
- Hardhat
- Solidity
- Material UI

## Vercel Deployment

To deploy the application to Vercel:

1. Push your code to a Git repository (GitHub, GitLab, or Bitbucket)
2. Visit [Vercel](https://vercel.com) and sign up/login
3. Click "New Project" and import your repository
4. Configure the project:
   - Framework Preset: Next.js
   - Build Command: `npm run build`
   - Output Directory: `.next`
5. Add the following environment variable:
   - `NEXT_PUBLIC_CONTRACT_ADDRESS`: Your deployed contract address on Sepolia
6. Click "Deploy"

The application will be automatically built and deployed. Vercel will provide you with a production URL where your dApp is accessible.
